hey what is going on guys welcome back
today we're on one of my second accounts
Dre day and we're gonna do a little bit
of trolling look at the center of this
base we've got one building missing
which means there'll be one little
square or people can spawn troops and
that's the point it's pretty enticing if
you guys have ever seen a base like this
you know it's pretty enticing to just
drop on troops see what's in there and
especially with that dark elixir storage
right there people will not be able to
resist this I mean I'm at 950 trophies
so it's gonna be mostly low-level people
that really want dark elixir can't
necessarily get it especially the amount
I'm gonna be offering quite often I'm
offering 3,000 or more because I have a
little bit in my drills and a lot in my
storage so well let's check out some
replays guys this is gonna be crazy
because basically every defense is
within range of that little area in the
middle I mean look at the splash
defences look at the mortars they're all
in range pretty much the wizard towers
are as well I think the wizard towers
can reach most of it this is gonna be
brutal this is gonna be so brutal I mean
it's kind of mean you know it's kind of
like why trick people like this you know
this guy with his level 3 barbs is not
gonna be able to get very far here but
that's that's what we're gonna do that's
what we're gonna do we're gonna troll
him so he is going to take out the Town
Hall looks like he's gonna give me a
shield and everything that's good
because oftentimes when I do this I get
hit like three times in a row and most
people don't get any darker laser so it
doesn't really matter but I actually
want to have the replays I want to be
able to see the replays a few times I
have gotten like five and one night so I
haven't been able to see them all so it
looks like he's gotten the Town Hall
almost down he's gonna try to get that
down before he goes into the core I
don't think he should have wasted so
many barbs on the Town Hall he only
needed a few and then he could have
devoted him all to the core he's gonna
need it man alright here we go here we
go he's dropping all the bombs they're
not even going to the Douglas well let's
just keep going man we got this dude we
totally got this we're gonna turn around
right here guys
alright any moment now we're
get it okay we didn't get it yeah I mean
but he thinks oh we're gonna try again
we got this dude we got this guy's keep
going and now see all the barbs are
going to where my clan cuts the troops
are they are distracted by him so even
when they did go to the dark elixir they
turned around instantly and walked away
from it that was just a cruel joke but
home buddy did get 3%
he didn't totally lose everything he got
some trophies and he got a thousand
golden elixir from the loot bonus so I
know for my Town Hall so yeah hey it's
not all bad right no that was that was
awesome I really enjoyed that normally
you know as I said I kind of feel bad
when I do things like this but that was
enjoyable it was just some Barb's it's
not like the guy the guy lost his bar
being an archer Queen or anything so
let's check out one more to get an even
better troll than this you guys have
seen in a minute regarding this base
guys I would say don't copy this base
it's made for me
this account which is pretty much an
inactive account so I want to protect
the mines pumps and drills really well
so here's the main event guys this is
the good one right here this dude's
gonna drop a heal spell and then go all
out
one finger spamming all 200 goblins and
look at them they are barely getting any
of this dark elixir because it just
keeps smashing down on them especially
the mortars the mortars are just
wrecking them whenever the mortars do
get lot woops lobbed over they destroy
every goblin there I would say the
testers are probably doing most of the
work and then the wizard towers as well
I mean that was the fastest 200 goblin
death I've ever seen oh man I really
enjoyed this this is a lot of fun if you
guys enjoyed this let me know in the
comments below I don't know how you guys
feel about troll bases and spawn home
bases I mean they make me mad when I see
him I'm like yo you think you're gonna
trick me with that no way but like you
know I've been playing for a few years
a lot of players probably do get tricked
by this and it's kind of mean was kind
of funny to let me know if you guys
enjoy it
so basically that is it for today guys
as I was saying this is Dre day this is
one of my accounts that I just don't
play on often maybe we will someday but
up to this point it's kind of boring you
know I don't want to go to town all ten
on it so it's just leaving it as is max
town hall 9 so yeah again guys let me
know what you think about this video
leave me a like and a comment if you
haven't subscribed already please do
alright guys thank you so much for
watching and I will see you next time
people